#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=- requirements.in
#
ansible==2.9.24
    # via teuthology
apache-libcloud==2.6.1
    # via teuthology
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via openstacksdk
argparse==1.4.0
    # via teuthology
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   pytest
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.0
    # via virtualenv
backports.ssl-match-hostname==3.7.0.1
    # via teuthology
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via paramiko
beanstalkc3==0.4.0
    # via teuthology
boto==2.49.0
    # via teuthology
boto3==1.18.15
    # via teuthology
botocore==1.21.15
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via pip-tools
cliff==3.8.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.1.2
    # via cliff
colorama==0.4.4
    # via cmd2
configobj==5.0.6
    # via teuthology
configparser==5.0.2
    # via teuthology
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   ansible
    #   openstacksdk
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
debtcollector==2.2.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.0.9
    # via
    #   dogpile.cache
    #   openstacksdk
distlib==0.3.2
    # via virtualenv
docopt==0.6.2
    # via teuthology
dogpile.cache==1.1.3
    # via openstacksdk
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
gevent==21.8.0
    # via teuthology
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via gevent
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via teuthology
humanfriendly==9.2
    # via teuthology
idna==3.2
    # via requests
ipy==1.1
    # via teuthology
iso8601==0.1.16
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via ansible
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via jsonpatch
keystoneauth1==4.3.1
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
manhole==1.8.0
    # via teuthology
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
more-itertools==8.8.0
    # via pytest
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via oslo.serialization
munch==2.5.0
    # via openstacksdk
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via teuthology
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.utils
nose==1.3.7
    # via teuthology
openstacksdk==0.58.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==2.4.1
    # via python-openstackclient
oslo.config==8.7.1
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo.i18n==5.0.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo.serialization==4.1.0
    # via
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo.utils==4.9.2
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   oslo.utils
    #   tox
paramiko==2.7.2
    # via teuthology
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.11.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via teuthology
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via teuthology
platformdirs==2.2.0
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prettytable==2.1.0
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-novaclient
psutil==5.8.0
    # via teuthology
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via teuthology
pynacl==1.4.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   httplib2
    #   oslo.utils
    #   packaging
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
pytest==3.7.1
    # via teuthology
python-cinderclient==8.0.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   botocore
python-keystoneclient==4.2.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-novaclient==17.5.0
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   python-openstackclient
python-openstackclient==5.5.0
    # via teuthology
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   ansible
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.config
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   apache-libcloud
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==1.5.0
    # via oslo.config
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.3.1
    # via teuthology
simplejson==3.17.3
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   bcrypt
    #   configobj
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   munch
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   pynacl
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pytest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile.cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   teuthology
    #   tox
tomli==1.2.1
    # via pep517
tox==3.24.1
    # via teuthology
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.7.0
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
wheel==0.36.2
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via debtcollector
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via teuthology
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via gevent
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
